Add doc about manual_trigger option for testing farm (#659)
packit/packit.dev: content/docs/testing-farm.md

  - fedora-latest-stable
```

If you want to trigger tests via pull request comment and not by every new commit into the pull request, the test job needs to include `manual_trigger` (described below) option in the job configuration:
```yaml
  jobs:
  - job: tests
    trigger: pull_request
    targets:
    - fedora-all

>     manual_trigger: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    skip_build: true
    manual_trigger: true
```

just for clarity, since without `skip_build` enabled, the build job needs to be configured as well

  when you have multiple `tests` jobs with different configuration. For
  example if you set this to `e2e-tests`, then a check run for Rawhide would be
  named `testing-farm:fedora-rawhide-x86_64:e2e-tests`.

> * **manual_trigger** - Whether to trigger Testing Farm jobs only via pull request comment or not (default to false). Trigger phrase is `/packit test` (`/packit-stg test` for stage).

Reviewer 2: How do you specify the job which should be triggered? Should we include an example for that as well?

Reviewer: as @Frawless wrote, currently, all test jobs will be triggered. 

The follow-up issue that would cover the functionality of specifying the job: https://github.com/packit/packit-service/issues/1754#issuecomment-1522949476

Reviewer 2: Ah, I see, so this is the first part. Thanks for clarification!

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the heads-up. Very nice! Looking forward to trying this out :) Is it supposed to be enabled on the production instance today?

Author: The feature was merged last week so I think it should be in prod already.

> * **manual_trigger** - Whether to trigger Testing Farm jobs only via pull request comment or not (default to false). Trigger phrase is `/packit test` (`/packit-stg test` for stage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **manual_trigger** - Whether to trigger Testing Farm jobs only manually (via pull request comment `/packit test`  (`/packit-stg test` for staging instance) or rerunning the check in the GitHub UI) or not (defaults to false). 
```

  when you have multiple `tests` jobs with different configuration. For
  example if you set this to `e2e-tests`, then a check run for Rawhide would be
  named `testing-farm:fedora-rawhide-x86_64:e2e-tests`.
* **manual_trigger** - Whether to trigger Testing Farm jobs only manually (via pull request comment `/packit test`  (`/packit-stg test` for staging instance) or rerunning the check in the GitHub UI) or not (defaults to false). 

> * **labels** - List of labels that groups several jobs together. Users then use them when manully trigger the jobs like `/packit test --labels regression,upgrade`. The labels should be in the format of comma-separated string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **labels** - List of labels that group several jobs together. Users then use them when manually triggering the jobs like `/packit test --labels regression,upgrade`.
```

This is a new feature, so the behaviour may be adjusted in the future. 
Please reach out back to us for help or with your suggestions.

## Running tests with specific identifier
It is possible to run a specific job via `/packit test` command. 

> User just need to specify argument `--identifier <job_identifier>` and Packit will trigger only job with this identifier.
> The whole commnad should looks like this: `/packit test --identifier my-job-id`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user just needs to specify the argument `--identifier <job_identifier>` and Packit will trigger only the job with this identifier.
The whole command should look like this: `/packit test --identifier my-job-id`
```

This is a new feature, so the behaviour may be adjusted in the future. 
Please reach out back to us for help or with your suggestions.

> ## Running tests with specific identifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running tests with a specific identifier
```

It is possible to run a specific job via `/packit test` command. 
The user just needs to specify the argument `--identifier <job_identifier>` and Packit will trigger only the job with this identifier.
The whole command should look like this: `/packit test --identifier my-job-id`

> ## Running group of tests with same label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running a group of tests with the same label
```
